COMMUNITY (if inferred): Devpost judges for AWS's Agents for Humans Hackathon, Good Neighbor track — agentic-AI builders and social-impact program reviewers scoring technical execution, impact, idea quality, and pitch clarity.

COUNCIL
1. Simon Willison — publishes real, unedited LLM transcripts and distrusts any agent demo that hides its tool calls.
2. Hamel Husain — insists "eval" means a held-out test that can fail, not a vibe check dressed in prose.
3. swyx — grades hackathon builds on restraint: fewest moving parts that still earn the "non-trivial" claim.
4. Erik Bernhardsson — treats stale reference data as a silent-failure mode, not a footnote.
5. Kelsey Hightower — won't call anything "deployed" until it's actually running on the infrastructure named in the prompt.
6. Rachel Thomas — asks who a tool's interface actually excludes before crediting who it claims to serve.
7. Beth Kanter — measures nonprofit tech by whether a real volunteer board could operate it, not whether a technical proxy can.
8. Anil Dash — rewards respecting a user's time (a short list over a data dump) but wants proof it reaches a real org.
9. Julia Evans — loves plain-language "here's what's fake and what's real" writing more than polish.
10. † Diane Leonard (grant-writing consultant) — rejects any tool that treats *finding* a grant as the hard part.

GRADES
1. Simon Willison: A — "Not edited for content, trimmed only to remove tool-call progress lines" plus the exact tool-call counts per run is the kind of receipts almost nobody ships, and the Cold Chain Grants call is a genuinely interesting agent trace, not a cherry-picked screenshot.
2. Hamel Husain: B+ — `test_judgment_invariants.py` is the real thing, a mechanical floor checked against committed transcripts instead of asserted in a README, but four hand-picked profiles is still an anecdote set wearing an eval's clothes, not a held-out benchmark.
3. swyx: A- — "two tools, not ten" and the explicit refusal to pad the surfaced list is exactly the taste a hackathon judge is starved for; the system prompt as the "load-bearing artifact" framing is a clean pitch move.
4. Erik Bernhardsson: B — grounding every verdict in a real USASpending pull instead of vibes is the right instinct, but shipping a frozen FY2021 table as the sole ground-truth source with no re-pull path is a staleness bug waiting to silently misjudge next year's programs.
5. Kelsey Hightower: B- — you wrote a real AgentCore entrypoint and tested it against a local dev server, which is honest work, but this is an *AWS* hackathon and "agentcore launch remains the step" means the one thing being judged — does it run on AWS — never actually happened.
6. Rachel Thomas: B — the SAM.gov compliance-floor fix, added specifically because a review caught that volunteer-hours alone hides the real first blocker, is a genuine impact-quality improvement; but the README's own "Known limitations" admits the shipped CLI+YAML interface excludes the exact under-resourced boards this is built for, and that's not a footnote, that's the whole thesis undercut.
7. Beth Kanter: B- — "no verified award history, said so plainly" is the kind of honesty nonprofit tech almost never has, but until a volunteer board can run this without someone comfortable in a terminal, it's a tool for the grant-tech-adjacent, not for Fairview Township Library's actual staff.
8. Anil Dash: B+ — refusing to dump 40 links on a volunteer board and instead saying "nothing cleared the bar" is real respect for people's scarce time, which is rarer than it should be in this space.
9. Julia Evans: A- — the "Known limitations" section reads like someone who actually wants you to trust them: stale data, no pagination, no AWS deploy, wrong-audience interface, all named plainly instead of buried in a Q&A.
10. † Diane Leonard: C+ — this automates the 20% of grant-seeking that was never the bottleneck; the actual reason small nonprofits lose money is a weak narrative, no relationship with the program officer, and no one available to write 25 hours of federal boilerplate — none of which "surface 3 opportunities" touches, so the tool optimizes search when the real scarce resource was always writing capacity.

SYNTHESIS
Median grade: B+
Consensus strengths (7+): Real, unedited data end to end (live grants.gov, real USASpending pull, real transcripts); disciplined refusal to pad output or hide a "zero surfaced" outcome; honest, specific "Known limitations" section instead of marketing copy.
Consensus weaknesses (7+): The gap between "who it's for" (a board with no grant-writing department) and "what's shipped" (CLI + hand-edited YAML) is large and self-admitted but unresolved; FY2021 benchmark staleness is a real, not hypothetical, risk to future judgments.
Tension: Kelsey and Simon split hard — Simon rewards the honesty of "not deployed to AWS," Kelsey docks it because for this specific competition, running on AWS was the ask, and disclosure doesn't substitute for doing it.
Idiosyncratic-but-right: Diane Leonard's C+ — everyone else grades the craft of the search-and-vet loop, but she's the only one asking whether search was ever the bottleneck worth building an agent for, and that's a premise-level critique the other nine voices never raise.
FINAL GRADE: A- — Exceptional documentation and evidentiary discipline (real data, real invariant tests, real multi-profile range of outcomes) that most hackathon submissions don't attempt, undercut only by the honestly-disclosed-but-real gaps: no live AWS deployment for an AWS hackathon, and a shipped interface that doesn't yet reach the actual audience the pitch is built around. The craft of *disclosure* is the strongest thing here; the craft of *closing those gaps* is the weakest.

THE PROMPT THEY WOULD HAVE GIVEN THE WRITER INSTEAD
"Before adding a fourth sample-run profile, spend that time either getting one real AgentCore deployment onto AWS or building the one-click/email-in interface a volunteer board could actually use — the judgment logic is already proven, the audience gap and the AWS gap are the load-bearing risks left."

```verdict
{"final_grade": "A-", "median_grade": "B+", "grades": [{"voice": "Simon Willison", "grade": "A"}, {"voice": "Hamel Husain", "grade": "B+"}, {"voice": "swyx", "grade": "A-"}, {"voice": "Erik Bernhardsson", "grade": "B"}, {"voice": "Kelsey Hightower", "grade": "B-"}, {"voice": "Rachel Thomas", "grade": "B"}, {"voice": "Beth Kanter", "grade": "B-"}, {"voice": "Anil Dash", "grade": "B+"}, {"voice": "Julia Evans", "grade": "A-"}, {"voice": "Diane Leonard", "grade": "C+"}]}
```
