COMMUNITY (if inferred): Given — Devpost judges for AWS's Agents for Humans Hackathon, Good Neighbor track: agentic-AI builders and social-impact program reviewers scoring on technical execution, potential impact, quality of idea, and demo/pitch clarity.

COUNCIL
1. Simon Willison — judges credibility by whether you show the actual raw API output, not a claim about it
2. Hamel Husain — "look at your data": grades the eval harness by its actual assertions, not its README description
3. swyx (Shawn Wang) — frames everything as eval-driven development, judges whether observability compounds across runs
4. DHH — majestic-monolith instinct, allergic to unneeded abstraction, rewards doing less with what's there
5. Julia Evans — zine-brain clarity check: does a confused reader get un-confused fast
6. Erik Bernhardsson — distrusts any number presented as "computed" that's actually a labeled guess
7. Pieter Levels — cares only whether the thing is actually live and used, discounts docs-about-docs
8. Kelsey Hightower — judges cloud-hackathon entries by whether they run on the cloud they're pitching
9. Vu Le (Nonprofit AF) — nonprofit-sector critic, satirical about the nonprofit-industrial complex, name-checked inside the artifact itself
10. † Bruce Schneier — security, adversarial seat: reflexively distrusts unauthenticated systems facing a vulnerable user population

GRADES
1. Simon Willison: A- — Real curl output, real "no nonprofit history found" dead ends left in instead of edited out — this is what "no mocked output" should actually look like, and half the README doubles as a great weeknotes post proving it.
2. Hamel Husain: B — The eval harness checks real structural invariants (never >3 surfaced, one profile hits zero), which beats vibes, but it tests shape not correctness — nobody's grading whether the food-bank run's own $65K RSVP recommendation, which admits its 15–20 hour lift against the org's stated 6 hours, should have survived the drop rule at all.
3. swyx: A- — The "groundedness fix / compliance-burden tool added after a critique" changelog embedded in the docs is eval-driven development in miniature; you can watch the prompt get better against dated, named failures instead of just being told it's good.
4. DHH: A — Three tools, one system prompt, one `Agent` object reused verbatim across CLI, AgentCore, and the intake form — the majestic-monolith instinct applied to an agent, and I'll take this over ten tools nobody needed.
5. Julia Evans: B+ — The plain-language validation error instead of a stack trace is the one line that proves someone thought about the non-technical user, but it's buried under so much meta-narration about the docs' own revision history that a two-minute skim might miss it.
6. Erik Bernhardsson: B- — Calling 20%-overhead-vs-10%-de-minimis math "estimate_compliance_burden" and letting it actively drop CSBG dresses a rule-of-thumb up as a fact; the disclaimer doesn't stop the sample runs from stating "~$6,494 uncovered overhead" with precision it hasn't earned.
7. Pieter Levels: C+ — Cool prompt, but it's still running on someone's laptop; "agentcore launch is the remaining step" is the sentence every unshipped side project writes, and a Good Neighbor tool that needs a technical person to run `python -m src.intake_form` locally hasn't reached a nonprofit yet.
8. Kelsey Hightower: B- — You built a real AgentCore entrypoint for an AWS agents hackathon and then didn't run it on AgentCore — that's the first integration a judge from this track checks, and "verified locally" is carrying a lot of weight to avoid saying "not on AWS."
9. Vu Le: B+ — Finally a grant tool that says "nothing cleared the bar" instead of dumping forty links on my board, and it flags SAM.gov and audit thresholds before burning our six volunteer hours — but recommending AmeriCorps RSVP to a food pantry whose own numbers say it needs 2.5–3x the available hours is exactly the "technically eligible, actually not for you" advice that burns out boards, agent or not.
10. † Bruce Schneier: C — A stdlib `http.server` taking a nonprofit's mission, budget, and compliance status over plain HTTP with zero auth is fine for a demo and a bad idea the moment you "hand the org a URL"; nothing in Known Limitations names that as the security gap it is.

SYNTHESIS
Median grade: B+
Consensus strengths (7+):
- Real, live, unmocked data end-to-end (grants.gov + USASpending), demonstrated across four differently-shaped orgs, not one cherry-picked anecdote.
- Judgment discipline actually lives in the system prompt (drop rules, "nothing cleared the bar," honest risk sections) rather than only being claimed in the pitch copy.
- An unusually specific, non-evasive Known Limitations section (static FY2021 data, unverified 20% assumption, no live AWS deployment).

Consensus weaknesses (7+):
- Nothing is actually deployed to the AWS infrastructure the hackathon is about — AgentCore is "verified locally," not live.
- The compliance-burden number is a labeled assumption doing the work of a fact inside a decision the agent treats as load-bearing (a program gets dropped over it).

Tension: The devtool/process voices (DHH, Simon, swyx) grade this high for taste and rigor of process; the delivery voices (Pieter, Kelsey, Schneier) grade it much lower because nothing is live, hosted, or secured — same artifact, opposite verdict depending on whether you grade the code or the reach.

Idiosyncratic-but-right: Vu Le's catch — the food-bank run recommends a program its own numbers say needs 2.5–3x the org's stated hours — is a real internal-consistency bug in the judgment logic, not a style note, and per Hamel it's exactly the kind of thing the eval harness should catch but doesn't, since the harness checks output shape, not this kind of cross-field consistency.

Adversary verdict (if seat present): "A stdlib `http.server` taking a nonprofit's mission, budget, and compliance status over plain HTTP with zero auth is fine for a demo and a bad idea the moment you 'hand the org a URL.'"

FINAL GRADE: B+ — Exceptional craft and unusual honesty for a hackathon submission (real data, real limitations, a documented self-critique loop across runs), but it's still a local prototype dressed in deployed-agent language, and one of its four flagship sample runs recommends an opportunity its own math says the org can't realistically staff.

THE PROMPT THEY WOULD HAVE GIVEN THE WRITER INSTEAD
Before writing another paragraph of README, spend that time on `agentcore launch` and a second eval assertion that catches "recommended opportunity requires more hours than the org has, unless payoff justifies it" being violated in your own committed transcripts.

```verdict
{"final_grade": "B+", "median_grade": "B+", "grades": [{"voice": "Simon Willison", "grade": "A-"}, {"voice": "Hamel Husain", "grade": "B"}, {"voice": "swyx", "grade": "A-"}, {"voice": "DHH", "grade": "A"}, {"voice": "Julia Evans", "grade": "B+"}, {"voice": "Erik Bernhardsson", "grade": "B-"}, {"voice": "Pieter Levels", "grade": "C+"}, {"voice": "Kelsey Hightower", "grade": "B-"}, {"voice": "Vu Le", "grade": "B+"}, {"voice": "Bruce Schneier", "grade": "C"}]}
```
